While I have coded with R previously, this remains the R project that I am the most proud of so far. This is an R project that I did for a 4th year Applied Categorical Data Analysis course for my undergraduate studies. 
I used various Statistics Canada databases by socioeconomic factors and census subdivisions from 2015-2019 to conclude which socioeconomic factor quantitatively had the biggest impact on a per-capita basis, and therefore warrants high priority from the federal government. Final Grade: A. 
I am very proud of this work for multiple reasons: 1. Rather than picking one database, I decided to challenge myself and perform data extraction and data cleaning of multiple databases. 2. This allowed me to get my feet wet on starting my journey of eventually becoming a policy data scientist. 3. Extensive application of statistical concepts in real-world scenarios.
Of course, due to many factors such as time constraints, it is not a perfect project. There are certain flaws, certain functions could have been implemented better, better data cleaning and extraction processes could have been possible, etc. However, that is data science in a nutshell. The shortcomings are just as interesting, if not more, than the successes because it allows us to implement code better, as well as perform and communicate analysis better. It can also serve as a way for other people to collaboratively communicate feedback.
I hope that I can revisit this project and improve it significantly, as this is a topic that deeply interests me! :)
